Added command for task manager (#42)
crescentpartha/CheatSheets-for-Developers: CheatSheets/git-cheatsheet.md

| `git reset [file name]` | Used to unstage the staged files |
| `git clean -f` | To delete or remove unstaged files forcefully |
| `git commit -m "message about updates"` | Commit changes to current branch |

> | `git commit -ammend` | Lets you amend the most recent commit |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `git commit -amend` | Amend with last commit but use the previous commit log message |
```
